# Bastion host deployment Example
This example demonstrates how to set up and deploy a Bastion host in an AWS cloud deployment. A bastion host is a server whose purpose is to provide access to other/private instances in your network. This way, you can mitigate the risk of allowing SSH connection from an external network to your private instances in a VPC. 

## Details
The infrastructure consists of one VPC with 3 subnets (2 public and 1 private). Public subnets are associated with custom route table and a route to the external network through a custom internet gateway. Both public subnets have one webserver, while private subnet has a private instance (such as a database). Bastion host *(also Jump host)* is deployed in one of the public subnets, and serves the purpose to provide the SSH connection to other instances. The accessibility of each instance is limited with custom security groups. Webservers are allowed HTTP and HTTPS traffic from an outside network, while database instance is allowed MySQL and HTTP from public subnets only. Both types of instances allow SSH connection from the bastion host security group only. A bastion host has its own security group allowing only SSH connection.

[*main.tf*](https://github.com/MihaMarkocic/cloudservices/blob/master/AWS/bastion_host/main.tf)file is the main Terraform file used to deploy this demo. This is where the region of deployment, provider and modules are defined. Network infrastructure part of this deployment, including subnet route table internet gateway and security groups creation, is defined in the *Network module*. Deployment of EC2 instances (webservers, private instances and bastion host) is defined in *Compute module*. Apart from modules, short initialization files for webservers and bastion host are available in a separate *init_files* folder.

### Modules
- [*Network*](https://github.com/MihaMar